# Green Day
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=soa3go7tl-c | Boulevard of broken dreams     | Green Day | Boulevard of Broken Dreams
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r00ikilDxW4 | 21 Guns                        | Green Day | 21st Century Breakdown
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l9stigDCiLg | Say Goodbye                    | Green Day | Revolution Radio
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pnTZa4FY_7I | Still Breathing                | Green Day | Revolution Radio
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jVO8sUrs-Pw | Wake Me Up When September Ends | Green Day | American Idiot

# a bunch of maplestory music ;)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RXzIAPda5Aw | Tenebris: Outpost                              | Nexon | MapleStory BGM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ILeMjtZJBJs | Moonbridge: Strange Fog                        | Nexon | MapleStory BGM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iD0kXTHSc5Y | Moonbridge: Wave of Emptiness                  | Nexon | MapleStory BGM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XemCyUtgfnE | Moonbridge: Ferocious Battlefield              | Nexon | MapleStory BGM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HJtvsDPjvo4 | Labyrinth of Suffering: Secret Labyrinth       | Nexon | MapleStory BGM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WmjjFgyjyWs | Labyrinth of Suffering: Eternal Swamp          | Nexon | MapleStory BGM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HkmeS-O3Tho | Labyrinth of Suffering: Heart of Suffering     | Nexon | MapleStory BGM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ltnG3UumSro | Labyrinth of Suffering: Depth of Pain          | Nexon | MapleStory BGM
# https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x9RBWQiDTkQ | Limen: Tears of the World                      | Nexon     | MapleStory BGM
# https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b1fOmkiX7Pg | Limen: Subterminal Point                       | Nexon     | MapleStory BGM
# https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yQhYvQBmkro | Limen: The World's End                         | Nexon     | MapleStory BGM
# https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nXXepZt8Z3g | Limen: Black Fury                              | Nexon     | MapleStory BGM
# https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uJU2L5oVGrg | Black Mage: Temple of Darkness                 | Nexon     | MapleStory BGM
# https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KT5nP_ell8Y | Black Mage: Throne of Darkness                 | Nexon     | MapleStory BGM
# https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NX0_FISZhcA | Black Mage: World Horizon                      | Nexon     | MapleStory BGM
# https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8XP6WdWNaCg | Black Mage: Lost Space                         | Nexon     | MapleStory BGM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rBKa0sL4vfQ | Black Mage: New Beginning, Not the End         | Nexon | MapleStory BGM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wxKpwjrQKGg | Morass: Swamp of Memory                        | Nexon | MapleStory BGM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nc7c89g9WX4 | Black Heaven: Theme                            | Nexon | MapleStory BGM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vVcbVrfH4NE | Black Heaven: Heaven Again                     | Nexon | MapleStory BGM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=usGdjxNEf2E | Black Heaven: Promise Of Heaven (instrumental) | Nexon | MapleStory BGM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xtVCiy99OMY | Grand Athenaeum: Evening Primrose              | Nexon | MapleStory BGM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WhV0PwOpllQ | Grand Athenaeum: Nowhere                       | Nexon | MapleStory BGM

# really show, dunno why?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vo8UXVu-6vM | Moonbridge: War Cloud | Nexon    | MapleStory BGM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2dbR2JZmlWo | Kill Yourself         | Pink Guy | Pink Season

# Stuff from 88uprising
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jfsEah3NOVg | Chilly                 | NIKI    | Unknown
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hIHLVaXUt3s | See You Never          | NIKI    | Unknown
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k0ellsn6cKk | I LIKE U               | NIKI    | Unknown
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cVxIqlzdx98 | Vintage                | NIKI    | Unknown
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tK0p6SDyhU4 | Dancing with the Devil | NIKI    | Unknown
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U6Z93rIKdv0 | Pools                  | NIKI    | Unknown
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f1fLFWxCCbI | Around                 | NIKI    | Unknown
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c01u-8WjBHM | Friends                | NIKI    | Unknown
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0EauGLquTDY | Spell                  | NIKI    | Unknown
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tuk7BwuCgRI | Warpaint               | NIKI    | Unknown
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lqdx118ilhA | Sugarplum Elegy        | NIKI    | Unknown
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VPSoNx1gyQ4 | Midsummer Madness      | Various | Unknown

# joji
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ulMHhPHYCi0 | ATTENTION                                 | Joji     | BALLADS1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K3Qzzggn--s | SLOW DANCING IN THE DARK                  | Joji     | BALLADS1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PEBS2jbZce4 | TEST DRIVE                                | Joji     | BALLADS1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z9gVoelEjws | WANTED U                                  | Joji     | BALLADS1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zbxAB7rTpDc | CAN'T GET OVER YOU (ft. Clams Casino)     | Joji     | BALLADS1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tG7wLK4aAOE | YEAH RIGHT                                | Joji     | BALLADS1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fD-i3kkqHI8 | WHY AM I STILL IN LA (ft. Shlohmo & D33J) | Joji     | BALLADS1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Vlej7QUGGE | NO FUN                                    | Joji     | BALLADS1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7QrEkeXZJLg | COME THRU                                 | Joji     | BALLADS1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AwHIYWKvoEE | R.I.P (ft. Trippie Redd)                  | Joji     | BALLADS1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iBUnToeuY18 | XNXX                                      | Joji     | BALLADS1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vljirbsjYMc | I'LL SEE YOU IN 40                        | Joji     | BALLADS1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XciLPkAdifs | Thom                                      | Joji     | Chloe Burbank
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g2LJAJzaJPo | You suck charlie                          | Joji     | Chloe Burbank
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iq_auXNM10Y | Unsaved Info                              | Joji     | Chloe Burbank
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fa1voAtB9ME | WORLD$TAR MONEY                           | Joji     | Chloe Burbank
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e_m2cHgjcno | Plastic taste                             | Joji     | Chloe Burbank
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lg35jIwoWcQ | Medicine                                  | Joji     | Chloe Burbank
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qOd74X7RHRs | They Don't Understand                     | Joji     | Chloe Burbank
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tN2U2Wur0Rs | We fall again                             | Joji     | Chloe Burbank
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qCuBIkrX5t4 | I dont wanna waste my time                | Joji     | Chloe Burbank
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D1ACUFvxAGQ | Rain on me                                | Joji     | Chloe Burbank
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u1LF84hzlI0 | BE INSPIRED                               | Pink Guy | Pink Season
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ho1LgF8ys-c | HELP                                      | Pink Guy | Pink Season
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CeYCSiE7dtk | CLUB BANGER 3000                          | Pink Guy | Pink Season
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RO11peSzdDg | HIGH SCHOOL BLINK193                      | Pink Guy | Pink Season
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fkClsDOB8zo | RICE BALLS                                | Pink Guy | Pink Season
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o4SiFAS8d9Y | DUMPLINGS                                 | Pink Guy | Pink Season
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wl-LeTFM8zo | MEME MACHINE                              | Pink Guy | Pink Season
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wqKyfiW1alY | HAND ON MY GAT (POLITIKZ)                 | Pink Guy | Pink Season
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q25ZU1VSEwk | FRIED NOODLES                             | Pink Guy | Pink Season
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-HeCLR8t0dY | PINK LIFE                                 | Pink Guy | Pink Season
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HeFhAK-MDs4 | HENTAI                                    | Pink Guy | Pink Season
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zdky6BH_N8s | GAYS 4 DONALD TRUMP                       | Pink Guy | Pink Season
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=okQA7Bu2zm0 | DORA THE EXPLORA                          | Pink Guy | Pink Season
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Pgl-JC2sgk | セックス大好き                            | Pink Guy | Pink Season
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RPaXb1zFwCM | UBER PUSSY                                | Pink Guy | Pink Season
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5N_EBojQu5w | SHE'S SO NICE                             | Pink Guy | Pink Season
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4m-_kutqgDk | PLEASE STOP CALLING ME GAY                | Pink Guy | Pink Season
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xS3vpBCiL2c | STFU                                      | Pink Guy | Pink Season
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ltAVRyeqHk | NICKELODEON GIRLS                         | Pink Guy | Pink Season
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ETkz2hKrlzw | I HAVE A GUN                              | Pink Guy | Pink Season
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LM6JaovnPsc | HOT NICKEL BALL ON A P*SSY                | Pink Guy | Pink Season
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xruky-Ps1Vo | ARE YOU SERIOUS                           | Pink Guy | Pink Season

# Against the current
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vJa51yWf4lM | Blood Like Gasoline          | Against The Current | Our Bones
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YuBydllZYOM | Demons                       | Against The Current | Our Bones
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EjnNrvdXfRI | Brighter                     | Against The Current | Our Bones
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f7dx1GgO7CI | Chasing Ghosts               | Against The Current | Our Bones
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cyBEQD6065s | One More Weekend             | Against The Current | Our Bones
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n6fYUb-rWrk | Young & Relentless           | Against The Current | Our Bones
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gb2ZEzqHH2g | Forget Me Now                | Against The Current | Our Bones
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bcvuYNhfj-c | Running With The Wild Things | Against The Current | Our Bones
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6wDgMzYkrEU | Runaway                      | Against The Current | Our Bones
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P48RCKp6iVU | Roses                        | Against The Current | Our Bones
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ya-SzODPFVc | Wasteland                    | Against The Current | Our Bones
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8co0mecbwfg | In Our Bones                 | Against The Current | Our Bones
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vxfv579PIY0 | Steal the Night              | Against the Current | Our Bones
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PgZh8KgCwDQ | Zombie                       | Against the Current | Our Bones

# One ok rock
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wo2htCJdgRE | Introduction   | One Ok Rock | 人生×僕＝
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IgiWGOR1DoQ | Ending Story   | One Ok Rock | 人生×僕＝
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YjWq8AovS1w | ONION!         | One Ok Rock | 人生×僕＝
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZeoGlMppz-w | The Beginning  | One Ok Rock | 人生×僕＝
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XMU9EgUCYg | Clock Strikes  | One Ok Rock | 人生×僕＝
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3LzGqMtq_OU | Be the Light   | One Ok Rock | 人生×僕＝
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-bHQc9qbcKg | Nothing Helps  | One Ok Rock | 人生×僕＝
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OvflT39pCqc | Juvenile       | One Ok Rock | 人生×僕＝
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rIya54bxraw | All Mine       | One Ok Rock | 人生×僕＝
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t2e8W4LqaYU | Smilling down  | One Ok Rock | 人生×僕＝
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JqPPEjmm_Cg | Deeper Deeper  | One Ok Rock | 人生×僕＝
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZoKhUrO18ao | 69             | One Ok Rock | 人生×僕＝
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=409EY_-zgSE | The Same as... | One Ok Rock | 人生×僕＝
